com/example/collarcompanionv3/DogInfoActivity.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.DogInfoActivity
com/example/collarcompanionv3/BLEController.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.BLEController
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.BLEController$1
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.BLEController$2
com/example/collarcompanionv3/BLEControllerListener.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.BLEControllerListener
com/example/collarcompanionv3/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/example/collarcompanionv3/databinding/ActivityUserInfoBinding.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.databinding.ActivityUserInfoBinding
com/example/collarcompanionv3/databinding/ActivityAddApetBinding.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.databinding.ActivityAddApetBinding
com/example/collarcompanionv3/AboutUsActivity.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.AboutUsActivity
com/example/collarcompanionv3/AddAPetActivity.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.AddAPetActivity
com/example/collarcompanionv3/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/collarcompanionv3/ui/dashboard/DashboardFragment.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment$1
com/example/collarcompanionv3/ui/notifications/NotificationsViewModel.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.ui.notifications.NotificationsViewModel
com/example/collarcompanionv3/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/collarcompanionv3/databinding/FragmentNotificationsBinding.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.databinding.FragmentNotificationsBinding
com/example/collarcompanionv3/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.BuildConfig
com/example/collarcompanionv3/NotificationsActivity.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.NotificationsActivity
com/example/collarcompanionv3/UserInfoActivity.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.UserInfoActivity
com/example/collarcompanionv3/BTActivity.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.BTActivity
com/example/collarcompanionv3/MainActivity.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.MainActivity
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.MainActivity$1
com/example/collarcompanionv3/databinding/ActivityAboutUsBinding.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.databinding.ActivityAboutUsBinding
com/example/collarcompanionv3/databinding/ActivityNotificationsBinding.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.databinding.ActivityNotificationsBinding
com/example/collarcompanionv3/databinding/FragmentDashboardBinding.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.databinding.FragmentDashboardBinding
com/example/collarcompanionv3/databinding/ActivityDogInfoBinding.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.databinding.ActivityDogInfoBinding
com/example/collarcompanionv3/Activity2.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.Activity2
com/example/collarcompanionv3/ui/dashboard/DashboardViewModel.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.ui.dashboard.DashboardViewModel
com/example/collarcompanionv3/databinding/ActivityBtactivityBinding.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.databinding.ActivityBtactivityBinding
com/example/collarcompanionv3/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/collarcompanionv3/databinding/Activity2Binding.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.databinding.Activity2Binding
com/example/collarcompanionv3/databinding/ActivityAdminDashboardBinding.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.databinding.ActivityAdminDashboardBinding
com/example/collarcompanionv3/databinding/ActivityConnectBinding.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.databinding.ActivityConnectBinding
com/example/collarcompanionv3/ConnectActivity.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.ConnectActivity
com/example/collarcompanionv3/AdminDashboard.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.AdminDashboard
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.AdminDashboard$1
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.AdminDashboard$1$1
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.AdminDashboard$2
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.AdminDashboard$3
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.AdminDashboard$4
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.AdminDashboard$5
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.AdminDashboard$6
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.AdminDashboard$7
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.AdminDashboard$8
com/example/collarcompanionv3/ui/notifications/NotificationsFragment.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment$1
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment$2
com/example/collarcompanionv3/RemoteControl.java
 com.example.collarcompanionv3.RemoteControl
